[Music]
now Dinah the daughter of Leah whom she
had borne to Jacob went out to see the
daughters of the land and when Shechem
the son of Hamor the high white prince
of the country saw her he took her and
lay with her and violated her his soul
was strongly attracted to Dinah the
daughter of Jacob and he loved the young
woman and spoke kindly to the young
woman so Shechem spoke to his father
Hamor
get me this young woman as a wife and
Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah
his daughter Matt his sons were with his
livestock in the field
so Jacob held his peace until they came
then heimo the father of Shechem went
out to Jacob to speak with him and the
sons of Jacob came in from the field
when they heard it and the men were
grieved and very angry because he had
done a disgraceful thing in Israel by
lying with Jacobs daughter a thing which
ought not to be done but heimo spoke
with them
the soul of my son Shechem longs for
your daughter please give her to him as
a wife and make marriages with us give
your daughters to us and take our
daughters to yourselves so you shall
dwell with us and the land shall be
before you dwell and trade in it and
acquire possessions for yourselves in it
then Shechem said to her father and her
brothers
let me find favor in your eyes and
whatever you say to me I will give ask
me ever so much dowry and gift and I
will give according to what you say to
me but give me the young woman as a wife
but the sons of Jacob answered Shechem
and Hamor
his father and spoke deceitfully because
he had defiled Dinah their sister we
cannot do this thing to give our sister
to one who is uncircumcised for that
would be a reproach to us but on this
condition we will consent to you if you
will become as we are if every male of
you is circumcised then we will give our
daughters to you and we will take your
daughters to us and we will dwell with
you and we will become one people but if
you will not heed us and be circumcised
then we will take our daughter and be
gone and their words pleased heimo and
Shechem heimeau's son so the young man
did not delay to do the thing because he
delighted in jacob's daughter he was
more honourable than all the household
of his father
and Hema and shechem his son came to the
gate of their city and spoke with the
men of their city these men are at peace
with us therefore let them dwell in the
land and trade in it for indeed the land
is large enough for them let us take
their daughters to us as wise and let us
give them our daughters only on this
condition will the men consent to dwell
with us to be one people if every male
among us is circumcised as they are
circumcised will not their livestock
their property and every animal of
theirs be ours only let us consent to
them and they will dwell with us and all
who went out of the gate of his City
heeded heimo and Shechem his son every
male was circumsized all who went out of
the gate of his City now it came to pass
on the third day when they were in pain
but two of the sons of Jacob Simeon and
Levi
Dinah's brothers each took his sword and
came boldly upon the city and killed all
and they killed Hema & Shakers his son
with the edge of the sword and took
diner from Chekhov's house and went out
sons of jacob came upon the slain and
plundered the city because their sister
had been defiled they took their sheep
their oxen and their donkeys what was in
the city and what was in the field and
all their wealth all their little ones
and their wives they took captive they
plundered even all that was in the
houses and Jacob said to Simeon and Levi
you have troubled me by making me
obnoxious among the inhabitants of the
land among the Canaanites and the
perizzites and since I am few in number
they will gather themselves together
against me and kill me I shall be
destroyed my household and I should he
treat our sister like a harlot
you